ACTIVESTATE KOMODO IDE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Agreement Version: December 15, 2018

Please read carefully: THIS IS A LICENSE AND NOT AN AGREEMENT FOR
SALE. By using and installing ActiveState's Software or, where
applicable, choosing the "I ACCEPT..." option at the end of the
License you indicate that you have read, understood, and accepted the
terms and conditions of the License. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU SHOULD NOT ATTEMPT TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.
If the Software is already downloaded or installed, you should
promptly cease using the Software in any manner and destroy all copies
of the Software in your possession. You, the user, assume all
responsibility for the selection of the Software to achieve your
intended results and for the installation, use and results obtained
from the Software. If you have any questions concerning this, you may
contact ActiveState via license@activestate.com.

This ActiveState Komodo IDE License Agreement ("License") is made
between ActiveState Software Inc. ("ActiveState") as licensor, and
("You" or "Your"), as licensee, as of the date of your use of the
Software (the Software is in use on a computer when it is loaded into
the RAM or installed into the permanent memory (e.g., hard disk or
other storage device) of that computer.). Any capitalized terms not
defined in these License will be defined in the ActiveState® Platform
Terms of Use and Service Agreement. By agreeing to the License, you
also agree to the ActiveState® Platform Terms of Use and Service
Agreement, as determined by the type of account you have with
ActiveState, subject to features and User limits, as determined by
your Subscription price, that will remain your price for the duration
of the payment term; however, prices are subject to change at the end
of a current Subscription term.

This License reflects ActiveState's intent to retain full ownership of
and control of the use and distribution of ActiveState Komodo and
other applicable software (collectively the "Software").

1)  Definitions.

    a)  "Client" means a computer device used by a User for running
        the Software.
    b)  "Subscription Confirmation" means Your rights to access and
        use Software, including the Subscription, and the number of
        authorized Users, as determined by the type of account you
        have.
    c)  "Subscription" specifies the subscription term for the
        Software provided to You when you register as a User and that
        authorizes you to use the Software only in the following
        specific contexts provided herein.

2)  License Grant.

    a)  The Software is provided on a per-User basis. If You comply
        with the terms of this License, You have the rights stipulated
        hereunder for each Subscription that You acquire. Your rights
        acquired in relation to the Software are limited to those
        necessary to enable You and its Users to effectively operate
        the Software. All other rights remain reserved to ActiveState.
    b)  Unless the Subscription has expired, or this License is
        terminated in accordance with Section 3), then your use of the
        Software is subject to the terms and conditions specified
        herein, ActiveState grants You a non-exclusive and
        non-transferable right to use the Software covered by the
        Subscription as stipulated below:
        i)  You may:
            (1) Install and use any version of the Software covered by
                the Subscription on any number of Clients and on any
                operating system supported by the Software; and
            (2) Make one backup copy of the Software solely for
                archival/security backup purposes.
        ii) You may not:
            (1) Allow the same Subscription to be used concurrently by
                more than one (1) User;
            (2) Rent, lease, reproduce, modify, adapt, create
                derivative works of, distribute, sell, or transfer the
                Software;
            (3) Provide access to the Software or the right to use the
                Software to a third party;
            (4) Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, or
                translate, or make any attempt to discover the source
                code of, the Software; or
            (5) Remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices
                contained in the Product.
        iii) Following the expiration of this License, the rights
             stipulated in Section 2) B) i) shall terminate.
        iv)  You acknowledge that no ownership right is conveyed to You
             under this License, irrespective of the use of terms such
             as "purchase" or "sale". ActiveState has and retains all
             rights, title and interest, including all intellectual
             property rights, in and to the Software and any and all
             related or underlying technology, and any modifications or
             derivative works thereof.
        v)   As long as You comply with the terms and conditions of
             this License, ActiveState grants to You a personal,
             non-exclusive, non-transferable, and limited license to
             use the Software solely to create, compile, test and
             deploy, in source or object code form, your own
             application programs ("Works"). You may create
             redistributable applications based on your unique
             development work using the Software and you may sublicense
             to end users of such Works ("End Users") the personal,
             non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install and
             execute the files, and/or libraries that are necessary to
             use the Works created using the Software. Use of such
             files and/or libraries by such End Users is limited to
             runtime purposes only. You may not provide any End User
             with access to the development or interactive capabilities
             of the Software libraries or technology, nor may you
             expose the base programming language(s) as a scripting
             language within the Works to any such End User.
        vi)  Evaluation (Trial) Use. If the type of account you have
             authorizes Evaluation (Trial) Use, you may use the
             software only for evaluation purposes without payment of
             any subscription fees for a period of no more than
             twenty-one (21) days from the date of initiating the trial
             in your account.
        vii) Application Service Provision. Any use of the Software in
             conjunction with ActiveState Platform and any updates to
             such services which may be provided by ActiveState from
             time to time. ActiveState hereby grants to You only the
             non-exclusive right and license to access, use, and
             transmit Your data with the Service. You shall access the
             Service only with procedures communicated by ActiveState
             and use the Service only for your internal business
             operations including affiliated entities that control, or
             are controlled by, You, and You shall not permit the
             Service to be used by or for the benefit of third parties.
             You shall not have the right to sublicense or sell rights
             to access or use the Service or to transfer or assign
             rights to access or use the Service, except as expressly
             provided herein. All rights not expressly granted to You
             herein are expressly reserved by ActiveState.
        viii) Other Use. Any use of the Software other than the uses
              specified above requires a separate license from
             ActiveState and the payment of additional license fees as
             determined by ActiveState. Such additional redistribution
             options are available, at ActiveState's sole discretion,
             on a case-by-case basis. Contact sales@activestate.com to
             discuss any redistribution options not covered by this
             license agreement. ActiveState reserves all rights not
             expressly granted to you herein.

3)  Term and Termination.

    a)  The term of this Agreement will commence upon acceptance of
        this License by You as set forth in the preamble above and
        will continue for the Software through the end of the
        applicable Subscription period specified in the respective
        Subscription Confirmation. This License will automatically
        renew with respect to the Software for a successive
        Subscription terms, unless terminated as set forth herein.
        Notwithstanding the following if your Subscription is
        terminated for whatever reason and you have a perpetual
        license to the Software purchased on or before December 31,
        2018 then your perpetual license with that said version of the
        Software will still be in effect as per the terms of that
        license.
    b)  You may terminate this License at any time by cancelling the
        Subscription as set forth herein. If such termination occurs
        during a then-current Subscription period, this License will
        continue to be effective until the end of that Subscription
        period. Such termination does not relieve You of the
        obligation to pay any outstanding subscription fees owed to
        ActiveState, and no credits or refunds will be issued to You
        for prepaid Subscription fees).
    c)  This License is effective until terminated. ActiveState may
        terminate this License immediately and without prior notice if
        you breach any term of this License or for any other
        commercially reasonable ground. In the event of any
        termination or expiration, you agree to immediately destroy
        and/or erase the original and all copies of the Software, any
        accompanying documentation and to discontinue their use and
        you will not retain or store the Software or any copies
        thereof, in any form or medium.

4)  Proprietary Rights.
    
    The Software is licensed, not sold, to you. ActiveState reserves
    all rights not expressly granted to you. Ownership of the Software
    and its associated proprietary rights, including but not limited
    to patent and patent applications, are retained by ActiveState.
    The Software is protected by the copyright laws of Canada and the
    United States and by international treaties. Therefore, you must
    comply with such laws and treaties in your use of the Software.
    You agree not to remove any of ActiveState’s copyright, trademarks
    and other proprietary notices from the Software.

5)  Distribution.
    
    Except as may be expressly allowed in Section 1, or as otherwise
    agreed to in a written agreement signed by both you and
    ActiveState, you will not distribute the Software, either in whole
    or in part, in any form or medium.

6)  Transfer and Use Restrictions.
    
    You may not sell, license, sub-license, lend, lease, rent, share,
    assign, transmit, telecommunicate, export, distribute or otherwise
    transfer the Software to others, except as expressly permitted in
    this License Agreement or in another agreement with ActiveState.
    In order to use the Software, you will require a valid account and
    agree to this License Agreement for the use of the Software. You
    will not disclose or provide access to your account to any other
    person or entity. You must comply with all applicable Canadian and
    other export control laws in your use of the Software. Except as
    may be expressly permitted above, you may not modify, reverse
    engineer, decompile, decrypt, extract or otherwise disassemble the
    Software.

7)  NO WARRANTY.
    
    ACTIVESTATE MAKES NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER REGARDING THE SOFTWARE
    AND IN PARTICULAR, DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL
    FUNCTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION IN
    EVERY COMBINATION OF HARDWARE PLATFORM OR SOFTWARE ENVIRONMENT OR
    CONFIGURATION, OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH EVERY COMPUTER SYSTEM. IF THE
    SOFTWARE IS DEFECTIVE FOR ANY REASON, YOU WILL ASSUME THE ENTIRE
    COST OF ALL NECESSARY REPAIRS OR REPLACEMENTS. FURTHER, YOU
    ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE INTERNET IS NOT ESTABLISHED OR
    MAINTAINED BY ACTIVESTATE, THAT ACTIVESTATE HAS NO CONTROL OVER
    THE INTERNET, AND THAT ACTIVESTATE IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE
    DISCONTINUANCE OF OPERATION OF ANY PORTION OF THE INTERNET OR
    POSSIBLE REGULATION OF THE INTERNET WHICH MIGHT RESTRICT OR
    PROHIBIT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE.

8)  DISCLAIMER.
    
    ACTIVESTATE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE IS FREE
    FROM BUGS, DEFECTS, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS. THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE
    IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND ACTIVESTATE MAKES NO OTHER
    WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE
    SOFTWARE OR SERVICE OR ANY ACCOMPANYING ITEMS INCLUDING WITHOUT
    LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY
    OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
    ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IN WHICH CASE THE ABOVE
    EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

9)  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
    
    ACTIVESTATE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION FOR ANY DAMAGES
    OR REMEDIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE
    GOODS, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES OR ANY OTHER DIRECT,
    INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, GENERAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO
    USE THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL ACTIVESTATE’S TOTAL
    AGGREGATE LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT (INCLUDING FUNDAMENTAL
    BREACH), WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY,
    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY) WITH
    REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE AND/OR THIS LICENSE EXCEED THE LICENSE FEE
    PAID BY YOU TO ACTIVESTATE. FURTHER, ACTIVESTATE WILL NOT BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER
    THIS LICENSE AS A RESULT OF ANY CAUSES OR CONDITIONS BEYOND
    ACTIVESTATE’S REASONABLE CONTROL.

10) Publicity Rights.
    
    You have granted ActiveState the right to include your name and
    logo as a customer in product promotional material. You can deny
    ActiveState this right at any time by submitting a written request
    via email to marketing@activestate.com, requesting to be excluded
    from product promotional material. Requests made after purchasing
    may take up to thirty (30) calendar days to process.

11) U.S. Government Restricted Rights Legend.
    
    If the Software is acquired by any agency or other part of the
    U.S. government in a transaction subject to the Federal
    Acquisition Regulations or the Defense Federal Acquisition
    Regulations, the Software is furnished with Restricted Rights.
    Use, duplication, or disclosure of the Software by the U.S.
    government is subject to all applicable restrictions set forth in
    such Regulations, as amended from time to time, including
    subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software
    -Restricted Rights clause at Section 48 C.F.R. 52.227-19.

12) Application Server Operations.
    
    During the term hereof and subject to the terms and conditions
    hereof, ActiveState shall undertake commercially reasonable
    efforts to provide You with consistent Service (i) insulated from
    changes in the Internet, and (ii) sufficient for access
    twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week ("24 x
    7"), except for routine maintenance. However, ActiveState, does
    not promise, guarantee, or warrant a 24 x 7 Service but
    ActiveState shall undertake commercially reasonable efforts during
    its normal business hours to restore promptly all failures of
    service at no additional charge to You. You shall be solely
    responsible at its expense, for: (i) internal network, hardware,
    software, and supported browsers sufficient to access the Service,
    and (ii) broadband Internet connections. If You require a
    guaranteed 24 x7 Service, you should contact ActiveState
    sales@activestate.com to discuss upgrading the License.

13) Ownership.
    
    Title to the Proprietary Rights embodied in the software that
    generates the Service and other software installed on
    ActiveState's Application Server or operating as part of
    ActiveState's web site shall remain in and be the sole and
    exclusive property of ActiveState and its licensors. You shall not
    alter, change or remove any proprietary notices or confidentiality
    legends placed on or contained within ActiveState's Application
    Server operating as part of ActiveState's web site, the Service,
    or any other software installed on ActiveState's Application
    Server.

14) Confidentiality of Software Installed on ActiveState's Application
    Server.
    
    You acknowledge ActiveState's claim that the software installed on
    ActiveState's Application Server embodies logic, design, and
    coding methodology which constitute valuable confidential
    information that is proprietary to ActiveState and its licensors.
    You shall safeguard the right to access the Service using the same
    standard of care which You uses for its similar confidential
    materials, but In no event less than reasonable care.

15) Confidentiality of Your Data.
    
    All Your Data and/or information disclosed to ActiveState in
    connection with the performance of this Agreement ("Your
    Confidential Information") shall be held as confidential by
    ActiveState and shall not, without Your prior written consent, be
    disclosed or be used for any purposes other than the performance
    of this Agreement. ActiveState shall safeguard the confidentiality
    of Your Confidential Information using the same standard of care
    which ActiveState uses for its similar confidential materials, but
    in no event less than reasonable care. Notwithstanding the
    forgoing, the term "Your Confidential Information" shall not be
    deemed to include information which: (i) is now, or hereafter
    becomes, through no act or failure to act on the part of
    ActiveState, generally known or available; (ii) is known by
    ActiveState at the time of receiving such information as evidenced
    by its written records; (iii) is hereafter furnished to
    ActiveState by a third party, as a matter of right and without
    restriction on disclosure; (iv) is independently developed by
    ActiveState as evidenced by its written and dated records and
    without any breach of this Agreement; or (v) is the subject of a
    written permission to disclose provided by You. Further
    notwithstanding the forgoing, disclosure of Your Confidential
    Information shall not be precluded if such disclosure: (i) is in
    response to a valid order of a court or other governmental body of
    Canada or the United States; (ii) is otherwise required by law;
    or (iii) is otherwise necessary to establish rights or enforce
    obligations under this Agreement, but only to the extent that any
    such disclosure is necessary.

16) Entire Agreement.
    
    This License constitute the entire agreement between you and
    ActiveState regarding the Software and all accompanying
    documentation. If any provision is found to be invalid by a court
    of competent jurisdiction, the balance of the provisions will
    remain in full force and effect. This License will be governed by
    and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of
    British Columbia, Canada, excluding its conflict of laws rules.
    The parties hereby attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
    Province of British Columbia in the event of any dispute
    hereunder. The provisions of the U.N. Convention on Contracts For
    The International Sale of Goods (1980) and any successor
    Convention, will not apply to this License.

17) Inurement.
    
    The rights, restrictions, limitations, disclaimers and remedies
    granted to, retained by, or for the benefit of ActiveState will
    inure to the benefit of and will be enforceable by ActiveState and
    its licensors, successors and assigns. You may not assign your
    rights, obligations and interest in and to this License without
    the prior written consent of ActiveState. The obligations,
    covenants and rights which apply to you will inure to your benefit
    and will be binding on you and your permitted successors and
    assigns.
    
    BY INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, OR, WHERE APPLICABLE, CHOOSING THE "I
    ACCEPT..." OPTION, YOU INDICATE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND
    ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT
    AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU SHOULD NOT ATTEMPT TO
    INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.
